Reorganize main readme file to include section for external users (#167)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf: README.md

For all other users, `scpca-nf` can be set up to process your samples in your computing environment by following the [instructions for using `scpca-nf` with external data](external-data-instructions.md). 

:warning: Please note that processing single-cell and single-nuclei RNA-seq samples, requires access to a high performance computing (HPC) environment that can accomodate up to 24 gb of RAM and 12 cpus. 

To run `scpca-nf` on your own samples, you will need to complete the following steps: 

1. [Organize your files](./external-data-instructions.md#file-organization) so that each folder contains fastq files relevant to a single sequencing run. 
2. [Prepare a metadata file](./external-data-instructions.md#prepare-the-metadata-file) with one row per library containing all information needed to process your samples.
3. Set up a [configuration file](./external-data-instructions.md#configuration-files), including the [definition of a profile](./external-data-instructions.md#setting-up-a-profile-in-the-configuration-file), dictating where nextflow should execute the workflow. 

> If you would like, after you created your configuration file, you may also [test your set up using example data](examples/README.md). 

Reviewer: Pretty sure they need to create a metadata file too?

```suggestion
You may also [test your set up using example data](examples/README.md) after completing steps 2 and 3.
```

Author: They need to create a metadata file that specifically has the information for the example data, not their own sample information. Those instructions are in the readme for the example data so it really is just about testing your configuration file. 

How about just this? 
`You may also [test your configuration file using example data](examples/README.md).`
